>> Kyle Simpson: Now the argument
I always get back from people,
and some of you may be thinking
this at this moment is, yeah,
but even if I sat through your workshop
and I learned all these nuances and
I read the spec, what about all
the junior devs on my code base?
They would never understand this stuff.
This I actually, in theory, hits me
almost more than any question I ever get.
This mindset that says,
well I'm smart enough but
those junior devs they're too
dumb to understand this stuff.
That is complete and total nonsense.
I don't know what your backgrounds are,
but
everyone of you is
excellent at what you do.
You may know more or less about JavaScript
but that doesn't make you dumber and
less capable of understanding stuff,
less capable of learning things.
I do not subscribe to
the belief that we should
dumb down our code basis to
the lowest common denominator.
You should absolutely use the tools
as effectively as you can.
You should be as obvious about how
you're using the tools as possible.
And when somebody is on the code
base who doesn't understand,
use it as an opportunity for
them to learn.
Use code reviews,
use a culture of peer-to-peer learning,
of pairing together.
All of those things to help everybody
learn how the tool works better.
When you receive a code review and
some junior developer did something dumb,
like they didn't do a coercion correct and
maybe there's some corner case they didn't
know about, you don't reject the code
review and say, you're dumb.
You say, hey,
come sit with me for a minute,
let me just talk to you about this corner
case that you weren't aware of, and
if you did this thing instead we'd
avoid that corner case entirely.
Now you learned better and
they learned better.
This is a complete bunk argument,
it's a lazy excuse for
not wanting to actually do what we ought
to do on our developer teams, which is
promote that everybody should be learning,
everybody should be headed upward.
I don't care where you are, I care what
your direction is, are you headed upward?
Are you learning more about your tool?
This is not an excuse for
not using the tools well.
It is also not an excuse for
being clever, right.
Some people say,
well the slippery slope argument here.
I can do all this clever bit-wise math,
right.
I'm using the tool and
I'm being clever, and I'm doing all of
my programming on one line of code,
the way we used to do in Perl.
That's not what I'm saying, either.
What I'm actually saying is that your
code is a form of communication, and
there is an effective way to communicate
that understands and uses the tool well.
If you ask the reader of a code to
understand something about the tool so
that they can understand that line of
code, that is an investment on their part.
Make sure that that investment
pays off beyond that line of code.
Make sure that when they learn how that
worked, they're gonna see more of that.
Rather than,
they learn how you did something weird,
esoteric bitwise trick, and then they
never get to use that ever again.
That's a waste of their time.
Makes you feel good but
it's a waste of the time.
And it's part of the reason why we
struggle so much to have good dev culture,
cuz we're not focused on promoting that
everybody should be able to understand.
From the person who is three weeks into
JavaScript to somebody who's been at it
for 20 plus years like me,
we all oughta be able to interoperate on
the same code base and communicate well.
Yeah, the junior devs gonna need to learn
some stuff, but that's what happens in
every job and in every industry,
you have to learn some stuff.
You don't see an architect saying,
well we're not gonna design that building
well cuz we've got an intern on the job.
You teach the intern how
to build the building well.
That's what we need to be doing.
We need to be doing with all
parts of JavaScript, but
especially the parts that everybody
tells you to ignore like types.